Battle Royal
A free for all pvp map. Players earn point by killing other, the higher the killed in the ranking, 
the more point they gain. Duration 5-10-15 minutes, with a reward for the three highest points earner.

Captain
A team pvp match. The aim is to kill all the captains of a team, which gives points to the team.
When killed, a captain rebirth as a normal player, until there's no captain in his team.
Duration 5-10-15 minutes, with a reward for the winning team

Chaser
A one against the world pvp. Each round, a player is chosen to became the Chaser. He gain powers, 
according to the virus contained in the Chaser Spirit. He then have to kill all the others before the round
ends. Each killed give 5 points to the Chaser. Each player surviving gains 15 points. If players kill the
Chaser, they'll earn 30 points each. 5-10-15 minutes duration. Reward for the highest points earner.

Clone Defense
Pvp map where, when a player enters, he gain a clone (or mob) summon (~1 to 3). 
The aim is to kill over players clones before getting his own killed. +5 per clone kill, +10 per player kill 
(which kill the clones). 5-10-15 minutes duration. Reward for the highest points earner.

King of the Hill
Pvp fight where a point is designed as the Hill. Anyone standing in a range of 3 cells earn points by getting 
in. 5-10-15 minutes duration. Reward for the highest points earner (no points in case of equality).

Running Fight
Pvp game where players have to run around a map, while being in pvp mode, to validate all the check points.
Three first to ends the n turns needed win a price.

Elemental Crystal
Team match, where players are separated in team according to their number (up to 4, one for each element).
Each team have to break the others crystal, which is elemental resistant (one fire, one water, one wind, one earth).
Breaking a crystal kills the team. The remaining one gets the reward. 
Each crystal being elemental resistant, they can be healed by using correct element over them.

Death Match
A team pvp match. The aim is to kill all the players of the other team, which gives points to the current team.
Duration 5-10-15 minutes, with a reward for the winning team

PvPvM
Pvp match, where monsters pops randomly in the middle of the map.

KoE
Small WoE, during 30 minutes, in a small map where Guild have to break the Emperium, just as in woe.
Reward for the winning Guild.

Landmine
Pvp match where landmine are dissimulated over the map, which blows when a player steps on it.
Each mine have a random effect, Bleeding, Stun...up to immediate death, causing points loss.
+5 points per kill, -3 points per death.
Each kills bring points. 5-10-15 minutes duration. Reward for the three highest points earner.

Gvg Bet
A Guild Leader can open a bet, with a default amount of Zeny, and call other guilds to fight his own.
The more it continue, the more the Guild earn. Each kills bring a reward to the Guild. Those clearing the
Guild get the initial bet. Guild members, once out of the game, can't get back until they all died 
or until the delay runs out.

Pvp Bet
Same thing, but for a player to start.

Rotative Hunt
Pvp match where each round, a player is designated as the Lamb. Other players have to kill him to earn 
more points. The more he lives, the more he earn points. Others get points from other players (5), and 
bonus from the Lamb (30). 5-10-15 minutes duration. Reward for the highest points earner.

Secret Power Case
Pvp match where special magic cases pops out of nowhere, containing random powers.
Each kills bring points. 5-10-15 minutes duration. Reward for the three highest points earner.

Touch Down
Based over an American Football game. Players are splitted in two teams, and have to bring a ball to the
other team goal. Each goal gives points to the team (30), while each kill bring 5.
Duration 5-10-15 minutes, with a reward for the winning team

Vampire
Pvp match where each kills, on top of bringing points, get a full restore + buffs for a small delay.
Low chance to get immortality / invicibility for a small delay.
5-10-15 minutes duration. Reward for the three highest points earner.

Deus Ex Machina
Pvp match where each kills, where each round has a random duration. If a player is the last survivor, 
he won 50 points (+5 points per kill). If there's more than 1 player at the end of the round, a False God
get down to Midgard to kill all alive players and take them a random amount of points (from 10-60)
5-10-15 minutes duration. Reward for the three highest points earner.
